qwert times letters of the alphabet appear on average in written language. letter frequency analysis dates back to the arab mathematician al-kindi (c. 801873 ad), who formally developed the method to break ciphers. letter frequency analysis gained importance in europe with the development of movable type in 1450 ad, where one must estimate the amount of type required for each letterform. linguists use letter frequency analysis as a rudimentary technique for language identification, where it is particularly effective as an indication of whether an unknown writing system is alphabetic, syllabic, or ideographic. the use of letter frequencies and frequency analysis plays a fundamental role in cryptograms and several word puzzle games, including hangman, scrabble, wordle and the television game show wheel of fortune. one of the earliest descriptions in classical literature of applying the knowledge of english letter frequency to solving a cryptogram is found in edgar allan poe's famous story the gold-bug, where the method is successfully applied to decipher a message giving the location of a treasure hidden by captain kidd. letter frequencies also have a strong effect on the design of some keyboard layouts. the most frequent letters are on the bottom row of the blickensderfer typewriter, and the home row of the dvorak keyboard layout. the frequency of letters in text has been studied for use in cryptanalysis, and frequency analysis in particular, dating back to the arab mathematician al-kindi (c. 801873 ad), who formally developed the method (the ciphers breakable by this technique go back at least to the caesar cipher invented by julius caesar, so this method could have been explored in classical times). letter frequency analysis gained additional importance in europe with the development off movable type in 1450. for the most wild, yet most homely narrative which i am about to pen, i neither expect nor solicit belief. mad indeed would i be to expect it, in a case where my very senses reject their own evidence. yet, mad am i not -- and very surely do i not dream. but to-morrow i die, and to-day i would unburthen my soul. my immediate purpose is to place before the world, plainly, succinctly, and without comment, a series of mere household events. in their consequences, these events have terrified -- have tortured -- have destroyed me. yet i will not attempt to expound them. to me, they have presented little but horror -- to many they will seem less terrible than barroques. hereafter, perhaps, some intellect may be found which will reduce my phantasm to the common-place -- some intellect more calm, more logical, and far less excitable than my own, which will perceive, in the circumstances i detail with awe, nothing more than an ordinary succession of very natural causes and effects. i married early, and was happy to find in my wife a disposition not uncongenial with my own. observing my partiality for domestic pets, she lost no opportunity of procuring those of the most agreeable kind. we had birds, gold-fish, a fine dog, rabbits, a small monkey, and a cat. representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several states which may be included within this union, according to their respective numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free persons, including those bound to service for a term of years, and excluding indians not taxed, three fifths of all qwirfy persons. the actual enumeration shall be made within three years after the first meeting of the congress of the united states, and within every subsequent term of ten years, in such manner as they shall by law direct. the number of representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty thousand, but each state shall have at least one representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the state of new hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, massachusetts eight, rhode island and providence plantations... don't, can't, couldn't, shouldn't, can't, don't, wasn't, isn't. During the last ice age, humans in Hungary lived by hunting mammoths and reindeer with stone weapons. When the ice age ended they hunted smaller animals. However, about 5,000 BC farming was introduced into Hungary although the farmers still used stone tools. Then about 2,000 BC, they learned to use bronze. About 800 BC people in Hungary learned to make iron tools and weapons. After 500 BC they traded with the Greeks. They also learned to use the potter’s wheel. Then, about the time of Christ, the Romans conquered what is now Hungary. They reached the Danube in 11 BC and in 9 AD they crushed a rebellion by a native people called the Pannons. The Romans then created a province they called Pannonia. In time Pannonia became fully integrated into the Roman Empire and the Romans founded a number of towns. They included Pecs, Szombathely, Sopron, and Buda. In the early 2nd century the Romans also conquered the east of Hungary, which they called Dacia. However, in the 3rd century, the Roman Empire declined
